[MISC] Maintainers - `Scope` responsibility (#467)
bids-standard/bids-specification: DECISION-MAKING.md

**Maintainers Group**

| Name                                                                           | Time commitment | Domain expert         |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|-----------------------|
| Stefan Appelhoff ([@sappelhoff](https://github.com/sappelhoff))                | 5h/week         |                       |
| Chris Markiewicz ([@effigies](https://github.com/effigies))                    | 5h/week         |                       |
| Franklin Feingold ([@franklin-feingold](https://github.com/franklin-feingold)) | 5h/week         | Community development | 

> In addition to the [BIDS Governance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R-J2lL9V_wIkYhye4zH-feyl4P4J8NyO40rIYyY141o/edit#bookmark=id.y2yr6itn36kv) classification of a Maintainer, the Steering Group and Maintainers Group have enhanced this to include a `Domain Expert` responsibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the [BIDS Governance](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/governance.html#bids-maintainers-group) classification of a Maintainer, the Steering Group and Maintainers Group have enhanced this to include a `Domain Expert` responsibility.
```

> In addition to the [BIDS Governance](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/governance.html#bids-maintainers-group) classification of a Maintainer, the Steering Group and Maintainers Group have enhanced this to include a `Purview` responsibility.
> A purview can range from maintaining a modality supported in the specification to nuturing a welcoming BIDS community. 
> The purview will be choosen by the Maintainer and agreed upon by the Maintainers Group.
> The Maintainer is primarily responsible for maintaining their choosen purview.
> Though, a Maintainer may contribute in a purview that is not their own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the [BIDS Governance](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/governance.html#bids-maintainers-group)
classification of a maintainer, maintainers may declare a limited scope or purview of responsibility.
Such a purview can range from maintaining a modality supported in the specification to nurturing a
welcoming BIDS community. 
One or more purviews can be chosen by the maintainer and agreed upon by the Maintainers Group.
A maintainer is primarily responsible for issues within their chosen purview(s), although
contributions elsewhere are welcome, as well.
```
